.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH RAPID "6" "August 2010" "rapid" "Games"
.SH NAME
rapid \- content download tool for spring
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rapid
[\fIoptions\fR] \fI<action> \fR[\fI<argument>\fR]

.B rapid-spring
[\fIoptions\fR] \fI<action> \fR[\fI<argument>\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Rapid manages downloads of content for the spring RTS engine.

.SH OPTIONS
action in the command line is one of:
.IP
.B upgrade:
Install the latest package for all pinned tags.
.IP
.B clean\-upgrade:
Equivalent to 'upgrade' followed by 'uninstall\-unpinned'.
.IP
.B pin:
Pins a tag and installs the latest package for that tag.
.IP
.B unpin:
Unpins a tag. Does not uninstall any packages.
.IP
.B install:
Install a package. Does not pin any tags.
.IP
.B uninstall:
Uninstall a package. Unpin its tag if any.
.IP
.B list\-tags:
List all tags that contain <argument>.
.IP
.B list\-pinned\-tags:
Idem, but only pinned tags.
.IP
.B list\-packages:
List all packages whose name contains <argument>.
.IP
.B list\-installed\-packages:
Idem, but only installed packages.
.IP
.B uninstall\-unpinned:
Keep only the pinned tags and all dependencies.
.IP
.B collect\-pool:
Remove pool files not needed by any installed package.
.IP
.B make\-sdd:
Extract pool files into a .sdd archive.
.TP
these are the possible options:
.IP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.IP
\fB\-\-datadir\fR=\fIDATADIR\fR
Override the default data directory. (~/.spring on Linux
or the one reported by unitsync on Windows)
.IP
\fB\-\-unitsync\fR
Use unitsync to locate the data directory Spring uses.
.IP
\fB\-\-no\-unitsync\fR
Do not use unitsync.
.SH EXAMPLES
rapid pin xta:latest   # installs latest XTA
.P
rapid pin s44:latest   # installs latest Spring: 1944
.P
rapid upgrade          # upgrade all pinned tags
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR rapid-gui (6),
.BR spring (6)
.SH AUTHOR
Tobi Vollebregt <tobivollebregt@gmail.com>
.PP
This manual page was written by Jan Dittberner <jandd@debian.org>, for
the Debian project (but may be used by others).
